feat/IDP-30: add documentation (#2)
opencpk/terraform-provider-github: website/docs/r/repository.html.markdown

* `homepage_url` - (Optional) URL of a page describing the project.

> * `fork` - (Optional) Set to `true` to create a fork of another repository. When set to `true`, `source_owner` and `source_repo` must be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `fork` - (Optional) Set to `true` to create a fork of an existing repository. When set to `true`, both `source_owner` and `source_repo` must also be specified.
```

Author: Changes pushed

> * `source_owner` - (Optional) The owner of the repository to fork. Required when `fork` is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `source_owner` - (Optional) The GitHub username or organization that owns the repository being forked. Required when `fork` is `true`.
```

Author: fixed/pushed
